fix: clean up organization and proof edit context docs (#193)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/concepts.mdx

## What Is A Relation?

> A **relation** is a string defined in the type definition of an authorization model that defines the possibility of a relationship between objects and other users in the system.

Reviewer: Sorry! Last time, but I think it would read nicer as:
```suggestion
A **relation** is a string defined in the type definition of an authorization model that defines the possibility of a relationship between an object and a user in the system.
```

Reviewer 2: Please add an indicator that specifies that we are referencing objects of the same type as the type definition

Author: will write it as 
```
A **relation** is a string defined in the type definition of an authorization model that defines the possibility of a relationship between an object of the same type as the type definition and a user in the system.
```
